So classes are another major addition with 6.
We of course also have kind of this class mechanics with five prototypes so we have this kind of inheritance
but with the class keyword and the class functionality it gets a bit clearer and hopefully easier to
use.
So let's have a look how all of that works.
You probably know the a syntax where you would create let's say a person constructor like this and then
you could create new prisons like
this and you press the Klasky word works kind of similar it has different features but the overall look
isn't that different indeed.
I can actually leave this person creation here.
Of course I could use lat and set of water but the top part here will change.
It won't change as I will treat a class instead of a function and I will get rid of the parentheses
.
So now if I run this way we won't see anything.
But I'm also not getting any errors because this is valid javascript.
I'm just creating a person object oops And I actually can prove this by printing it to the console.
So if a print this is an object was tweeted Of course it doesn't hold anything but we create an object
.
Now I also can give my class some methods for example agreed method and I write them directly inside
of them without the function keyword.
But the rest looks like a function.
And then he or I could say consul Lague Hello.
And therefore of course I can use my newly created person to say hello if I run this.
What will they see.
What we see.
Hello.
So basically with the new key word here I'm creating a new object based on the blueprint defined up
here with declasse.
So that is really kind of similar to the way constructor functions work.
But of course with the class here as you can see I don't really have a function which gets executed
.
Does greed function here instead of Zoli a method to find in this prison.
It's just a blueprint.
How do we add properties to this person then.
Well for that I would set up a constructor and to create a constructor we have the reserved constructor
keyword.
So constructor is a function name where a method name which is reserved for E-6 and this will create
a constructor for this person.
We don't need to define it as he saw before.
But if you want to do some initialization or if you want to give our persons properties we do need that
.
So here I can then again use this name equals Max and all this really looks like de-construct for function
syntax you know from javascript for fight.
So this is how we give this person class a property which does Person object we create this blueprint
also have.
So therefore here if I say Hello my name is and then I print this start name what will we see if Heidrun
while we see name is Max because this name refers to the Name property of this object and we're initializing
it here.
Of course it could also give this constructor a parameter here and set this start name equal to whatever
they passed to the constructor.
And then I would add this logic in the place where I create the object here.
So if I now had run we see the same but now I'm passing the name with the constructor and I'm not initializing
it for every person but instead every person which I do create has the chance of passing its individual
name to this class